Added Note for Mac Network Issue (#52)
paralus/website: docs/References/troubleshooting.md

-H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"expires_in":"10m","identity_id":"<ADMIN_USER_ID>"}'
```

## Accessing Paralus Dashboard on MacOS

If you are using a Mac based machine, you might have issues accessing the Paralus dashboard. The reason is that Docker-for-Mac does not expose container networks directly on the macOS host & hence you cannot access the Paralus dashboard.

> Wsuggest using [docker-mac-net-connect](https://github.com/chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect) utility to overcome this issue. This utility creates a minimal network tunnel between macOS and the Docker Desktop Linux VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest using [docker-mac-net-connect](https://github.com/chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect) utility to overcome this issue. This utility creates a minimal network tunnel between macOS and the Docker Desktop Linux VM.
```
